Immortality Caveats

Further explanation of the terms (recommended):
* Lecturer skill - Instead of finding out philosophies from the representations of a pedagogue such as Nietzsche to write down, I studied Honours in philosophy to earn the skill of writing my own ideas down, hence the adage "Forget Nietzsche".  To earn the marks for Honours, I worked out the correct essay format, the ways of thinking to earn high distinctions and to connect quotes from at least two sources in one of the paragraphs.  I also recommend using a grammar and form checker, breasoning out 5 million breasonings per assignment, representing the top value 5*50 As for a PhD assignment and copywriting job using <a href="https://github.com/luciangreen/Text-to-Breasonings">Text-to-Breasonings</a> and <a href="https://github.com/luciangreen/Algorithm-Writer-with-Lists">Grammar-Logic</a> and writing 80-250 philosophy breasonings and 80-250 algorithms per high distinction.  Breasonings are sentences which convey a philosophical idea, where the object and other words in the sentence is <a href="https://github.com/luciangreen/Text-to-Breasonings/blob/master/Instructions_for_Using_texttobr(2).pl.txt">breasoned out</a> for high distinctions, given ways of thinking such as details (two uses for an object), etc.  I first wrote dreams and ideas like those in a book of theories as breasonings.  I became interested in computational hermeneutics or the interpretation of texts to start writing algorithms, and counted one clause of Prolog as one algorithm.  Writing algorithms not only checks the objects in writing, but the logic.
* Recordings - The ability to implicitly, or quickly convey breasonings, sometimes send objects or oneself as breasonings (a "bot") through space and time.  A much-desired skill, one can indicate "As" (high distinctions) with a thought command after working on the original A.
  
How to get these skills:
* For the lecturer skill, I was chosen as a tutor at University - I best understood a subject on Prolog compilers, for which I earned 100% in two assignments, I earned a scholarship to Logic Summer School at ANU, I met my logic professor at an IEEE meeting and was selected as a tutor in the subject.
* For the recordings skill - Write a number-one song with <a href="https://github.com/luciangreen/Music-Composer/">Music Composer</a> and possibly join an acting agent to earn extras and acting roles, increasing one's "recordings" skills.  I met a cosmologist, wrote a great first song which was aired on the radio, studied a theatre studies short course and joined an acting agent.
* Mind reading is recommended as the way to write songs with Music Composer for the best results.
* As well as the meditation, etc. subjects, I activated my writing ability through Creative Writing, and my pedagogy skill, which formed the basis of the meditation-based subjects, through Education.

Notes:
* Immortality medicine - 100% of Lucianic Meditation doctors can help with immortality as a form of medicine.
* After joining the simulation from the year 5689, your clothes and appearance will automatically match your time travel destination.
* The other advantages of this simulation are single-thought activated time travel, protection from accidents in possibilities of the multiverse, avoiding some weather, better health in immortality and possible replacement of faulty body parts using "quantum" operations (imperceptible operations initiated by As), the possible detectability of electrons when one is not looking in the simulation and a possible different physics of the simulation which is more stable.  There are reports of only seeing people  from other times and those close to oneself after activating the simulation, seeing those with 50 As, and not seeing time travellers visiting the home time.
* It is better not to take risks in the simulation, and remember to avoid danger.
